hopefully with short
so now what's your first everything okay
it's still nagging you know it's just a
long going process or just being in
treatment preparing for the next game
against the cycle so you know it's still
a little more sore but you know I don't
like the Miss game so I gotta keep I
through it or after the game a coach at
mesquite change it coach with a future
how do we think easy to with choice for
me this is this you know it can be a
good thing in a bedroom wall because
this is difficult for a team to adapt to
a new coach you but you know we got
luckily we got the same coaching staff
so you know this good thing that we have
you know Coach shishik you know to come
out here and show us the same rules that
no coach mo topsis left was with you
know and we can just improve awful with
he seemed it that he figured he could
change into our office defense is a good
thing
in friday and we will play with polish
change my second phone they have very
good very good players ready to eat them
we got to be prepared you know and
that's really going you know that's
that's the heart that's the hard time
you know we gotta fight against them
with even beat all the controversy of
the team you know we change the course
of stuff it's good it's good good that
we go up against one of the top two
positions you know and liga polish
league because no head coach sushi noise
he has a lot of great ideas and it's
good for us to go against a team like
that so the stuff that we're doing this
week preparing for it and put us in a
great position if we come off with a win
is even show that we don't even better
so that he's doing better wait we're
coming stepping in taking a job in
villacis at the end coach layer how do
you think how many weeks arvind takes in
the second touch of polish week it's up
to you know it's up to us you know we
can't really put a number of how many
wins we take it's just up to us we gotta
make sure we come out prepare for every
game if we don't have a better every
game and we could lose everyone or if we
come up a pair for every game we can win
all right so you know it's just up to us
you know and our staff and you know make
sure that everybody's healthy okay
thanks